chore(docs): clean up and add new content (#15003)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/features/user-settings.md

# User Settings

> Immich gives each user the extended ability to manage their own settings. This includes the ability to update the user profile, toggle certain feature, generate API keys and manage the logged in devices the view the account usage statistics, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immich gives each user the ability to manage their own settings. This includes being able to update their profile, toggle certain feature, generate API keys, manage the logged in devices, a view of account usage statistics, and more.
```

<img src={require('./img/user-settings-3.png').default} width="60%" title='User settings lists' />

> You can access the user settings by clicking on the user icon on the top right corner of the screen and selecting the `Account Settings` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the [user settings](https://my.immich.app/user-settings) by clicking on the user icon on the top right corner of the screen and selecting the `Account Settings` option.
```
